com/example/hibernate/demo/ReadStudentDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.ReadStudentDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/entity/Student.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.entity.Student
com/example/hibernate/demo/DeleteStudentDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.DeleteStudentDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/CreateStudentDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.CreateStudentDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/QueryStudentDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.QueryStudentDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/PrimaryKeyDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.PrimaryKeyDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/UpdateStudentDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.UpdateStudentDemo
com/example/jdbc/TestJdbc.java
 com.example.jdbc.TestJdbc
com/example/hibernate/demo/CreateCoursesDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.CreateCoursesDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/entity/Instructor.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.entity.Instructor
com/example/hibernate/demo/CreateCourseAndReviewsDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.CreateCourseAndReviewsDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/CreateInstructorDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.CreateInstructorDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/GetInstructorDetailDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.GetInstructorDetailDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/DeleteInstructorDetailDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.DeleteInstructorDetailDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/entity/Course.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.entity.Course
com/example/hibernate/demo/FetchJoinDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.FetchJoinDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/CreateDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.CreateDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/EagerLazyDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.EagerLazyDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/DeleteCourseDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.DeleteCourseDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/entity/Review.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.entity.Review
com/example/hibernate/demo/DeleteDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.DeleteDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/GetInstructorCoursesDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.GetInstructorCoursesDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/entity/InstructorDetail.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.entity.InstructorDetail
com/example/hibernate/demo/GetCourseAndReviewsDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.GetCourseAndReviewsDemo
com/example/hibernate/demo/DeleteCourseAndReviewsDemo.java
 com.example.hibernate.demo.DeleteCourseAndReviewsDemo
